= Supportilla

Supportilla is a gem to enable ruby applications to processing support tickets.

= Gems dependencies

Supportilla needs next gems to work
  gem "rails", "~> 3.2.14"
  gem "jquery-rails"
  gem "haml", '~> 4.0.3'
  gem 'will_paginate', '~> 3.0'
  gem 'sass-rails'
  gem 'bcrypt-ruby', '~> 3.0.0'

Also you will need 'sqlite3' for development enviroment.

For intall supportilla gem just list to your gemfile:
  gem 'supportilla', git: "git://github.com/DrTr/Supportilla.git"

= Using nested styles and scripts

Supportilla have own stylesheets and ajax scripts based on Bootswatch Flatly[http://bootswatch.com/flatly/] style.
This styles will only work in allotted division. To use it you must add next gems to your gemfile:
  gem 'bootstrap-sass'
  gem 'bootstrap-will_paginate'
  gem 'bootswatch-rails'
  gem 'turbolinks'
  
and update your stylesheets and javascripts tags in application's layout like this:
  = stylesheet_link_tag "application", "supportilla/application", 
     :media => "all", "data-turbolinks-track" => true
  = javascript_include_tag "application", "supportilla/application",
      "data-turbolinks-track" => true

= Prepare to work

=== 1. To mount namespace
First you have to choose mount url where Supportilla will be located in your routes.rb.
For example if you have  write 
  mount Supportilla::Engine => "/support"
than you will access to Supportilla pages from localhost:3000/support in development enviroment.
  
=== 2. Configure mailer
If you want to inform your visitors about ticket's changes you have to configure your mailer.
If you not you can just skip this step.
Configure your host url option in config/enviroment/[enviroment].rb like this:

config/enviroment/development.rb:
  config.action_mailer.default_url_options = { :host => 'localhost:3000' }
  
If you want to use google smtp create file setup_mail.rb in config/initializers/ with next:
  ActionMailer::Base.smtp_settings = {
    :address              => "smtp.gmail.com",
    :port                 => 587,
    :domain               => "domain",
    :user_name            => "username",
    :password             => "password",
    :authentication       => "plain",
    :enable_starttls_auto => true
  }
  ActionMailer::Base.default from: "username@domain"
  
Where username, password and domain is your gmail account username, password and domain accordingly.
	
=== 3. Migrate and seed database

Supportilla have database tables for tickets, subjects and statuses
that you need to migrate and fill in in your application.

To copy migration to your application type in terminal in your application folder:
  rake supportilla:install:migrations
  
And then do migration:
  rake db:migrate

To fill database tables with basic statuses and subject:
  rake db:supportilla_seed
  
Finally you need to create you first administrator account:
  rake db:supportilla_admin[password,password_confirmation]
It's create accout with username 'administrator' and password, that you type as parameter.
  
If you want to create some fake tickets for testing:
  rake db:fake_tickets[count]
where count is count of tickets you want. 

= List of css classes and id
If you want to change existing or create your own styles here list of classess:
* .supportilla - class, which in nested all of the supportilla pages
* .navbar - header navbar for staff or administrators. For more details please visit source[].
* .well - additional class for forms.
* .cb -  checkboxes.
* .cb_label - checkbox label.
* .btn - forms buttons.
* .btn-info - search button.
* .staffs -  staff list.
* .staff - single staff.
* .ticket - ticket in tickets index page. For more details please visit source[].
* .ticket-links - division with links for navigating to next or prev ticket.
* #error_explanation - error messages.
* .flash - flash messages.
* .alert - single flash message.
* .alert-error, .alert-notice ... - flash message with some key.
* .text-warning - paragraphs with warning text.
* .text-info - paragraphs with warning text.


This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.